Feature/add attach scope example (#190)
avo-hq/avodocs: docs/3.0/common/associations_attach_scope_option_common.md

  attach_scope: -> { query.non_admins }
```

> 

Reviewer: Is this needed?
```suggestion
```

Author: No, I will delete it.

Pass in a block where you attach scopes to the `query` object and `parent` object, which is the actual record where you want to assign the association. The block is executed in the [`ExecutionContext`](./../execution-context).
:::

:::warning
The `attach_scope` will not filter the records in the listing from `has_many` or `has_and_belongs_to_many` associations.
Use [`scope`](#scope) or a [Pundit policy `Scope`](./../authorization#scopes) for that.

> Pass in a block where you attach scopes to the `query` object. The block is executed in the [`ExecutionContext`](./../execution-context).

Reviewer: I don't understand this sentence. I mean, what should the user take from it?

Author: My mistake. It was something I copied from above and forgot to delete.

:::

> ```ruby{3}

Reviewer: You highlight the line number 3. Is there anything special about that line? Did you mean line number 5?

field :members,
  as: :has_many,
  through: :team_memberships,
  searchable: true,
  attach_scope: -> { query.where.not(team_id: parent.id) }
  ```

> This example ensures that when attaching members to a team, only those who are not already members of that team will appear in the list of options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, in the `attach_scope`, we ensure that when attaching members to a team, only those who are not already members will appear in the list of options.
```
